[#152] Allow specifying a TZIP-16 metadata contract in the LIGO version (#157)
tqtezos/baseDAO: ligo/README.md

arguments to this function are the admin address, the token address and the
configuration parameters described in the Registry spec, which are
`frozen_scale_value`, `frozen-extra_value`, `max_proposal_size`,
`slash_scale_value` and `slash_division_value`. Additionally, a `metadata`

> parameter is accepted, accepting a `big_map` described per TZIP-16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter is accepted, accepting a `big_map` as described in TZIP-16.
```

Author: ... and here as well.

    - `slash_division_value`,
    - `min_xtz_value`,
    - `max_xtz_value`.

> - a `big_map` containing metadata described per TZIP-16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a `big_map` containing metadata as described in TZIP-16
```

Author: Done the suggestion here...
